cd [ -qsLP ] [ arg ]
cd [ -qsLP ] old new
cd [ -qsLP ] {+|-}n
       Change the current directory.  In the first form, change the current directory to arg, or to the value of $HOME if arg
       change to the previous directory.

       Otherwise, if arg begins with a slash, attempt to change to the directory given by arg.

       If  arg  does  not  begin with a slash, the behaviour depends on whether the current directory `.' occurs in the list 
       parameter cdpath.  If it does not, first attempt to change to the directory arg under the current directory, and if th
       tains  at  least one element attempt to change to the directory arg under each component of cdpath in turn until succe
       cdpath is searched strictly in order so that `.' is only tried at the appropriate point.

       The order of testing cdpath is modified if the option POSIX CD is set, as described in the documentation for the optio

       If no directory is found, the option CDABLE VARS is set, and a parameter named arg exists whose value begins with a sl
       tory.  In that case, the parameter is added to the named directory hash table.

       The second form of cd substitutes the string new for the string old in the name of the current directory, and tries to

       The  third  form of cd extracts an entry from the directory stack, and changes to that directory.  An argument of the 
       counting from the left of the list shown by the dirs command, starting with zero.  An argument of the form `-n' counts
       option is set, the meanings of `+' and `-' in this context are swapped.

       If  the -q (quiet) option is specified, the hook function chpwd and the functions in the array chpwd functions are not
       cd that do not change the environment seen by an interactive user.

       If the -s option is specified, cd refuses to change the current directory if the given pathname contains symlinks.  If
       CHASE LINKS  option  is set, symbolic links are resolved to their true values.  If the -L option is given symbolic lin
       not resolved) regardless of the state of the CHASE LINKS option.

chdir  Same as cd.
