limit [ -hs ] [ resource [ limit ] ] ...
       Set or display resource limits.  Unless the -s flag is given, the limit applies only the children of the shell.  If -s
       the resource limits of the current shell is set to the previously set resource limits of the children.

       If  limit  is not specified, print the current limit placed on resource, otherwise set the limit to the specified valu
       limits instead of soft limits.  If no resource is given, print all limits.

       When looping over multiple resources, the shell will abort immediately if it detects a badly formed argument.  However
       other reason it will continue trying to set the remaining limits.

       resource can be one of:

       addressspace
              Maximum amount of address space used.
       aiomemorylocked
              Maximum amount of memory locked in RAM for AIO operations.
       aiooperations
              Maximum number of AIO operations.
       cachedthreads
              Maximum number of cached threads.
       coredumpsize
              Maximum size of a core dump.
       cputime
              Maximum CPU seconds per process.
       datasize
              Maximum data size (including stack) for each process.
       descriptors
              Maximum value for a file descriptor.
       filesize
              Largest single file allowed.
       maxproc
              Maximum number of processes.
       maxpthreads
              Maximum number of threads per process.
       memorylocked
              Maximum amount of memory locked in RAM.
       memoryuse
              Maximum resident set size.
       msgqueue
              Maximum number of bytes in POSIX message queues.
       resident
              Maximum resident set size.
       sigpending
              Maximum number of pending signals.
       sockbufsize
              Maximum size of all socket buffers.
       stacksize
              Maximum stack size for each process.
       vmemorysize
              Maximum amount of virtual memory.

       Which  of  these  resource  limits are available depends on the system.  resource can be abbreviated to any unambiguou
       which corresponds to the integer defined for the resource by the operating system.

       If argument corresponds to a number which is out of the range of the resources configured into the shell, the shell wi
       anyway, and will report an error if this fails.  As the shell does not store such resources internally, an attempt to 
       option is present.

       limit is a number, with an optional scaling factor, as follows:

       nh     hours
       nk     kilobytes (default)
       nm     megabytes or minutes
       [mm:]ss
              minutes and seconds

       The limit command is not made available by default when the shell starts in a mode emulating another shell.  It can be
       `zmodload -F zsh/rlimits b:limit'.
